fix the processref editor part of the process call

maybe make the SYNC part of the model def more optional

check if there are restrictions on what can be inside Id

look into the basic type rule for behaviour expressions

handle layout for exeedingly long behaviour expressions better

look into adding support for spreading code over multiple files

channel decl with no type?

type checks for channel defs.

split type into type definitions and type references

make channels refer to their definition.

channel id 

make sure names are unique for: main definitions(modeldef,chandef,etc) and channel definitions

add support of lists of identifiers in constructor fiels? I.E. a,b :: Int instead of a :: Int; b:: Int

design notes.
sequence cannot be standard binary expression, as those are all assumed to be left associative.
There does not seem to be a way to override this behaviour

modeldef vars have their own scope each. Each modeldef can have one var named 'x', etc

add chanel name checks in modeldef

create better way to add parenthises around existing expressions

implement modeldef channel constraints. no duplicate channels in in and out. probably sync subset of in and out. no duplicate channels in sync

look at adding inspector editor to references to show original concept

add scopen/constraints to the processcall expression

add that deleting one part of a binary expression does not delete the entire expression

fix typing a parenthesis in a behaviour expression not creating a parenthesised expression. Happens for example in LET expression.

implement exit sort contraint/typecheck for behaviour expressions

enable operator ACCEPT variant

fix naam vage parallel operator

add left/right actions for offerlist, adding more offers

making typing multiple channeloffers in EXIT contruct better

add colors for types in editor

reimplement if statement with multiple guards if required

add smaller, single line editors for smaller expressions. I.E. IF expression, binary expression, etc if their arguments are small constants

fix adding fields to type constructor

zet test omgeving op (versie 6)